README.md, before:

MobileMapStarter
================

DESCRIPTION
================

A starting framework for mobile maps using Cordova/Phonegap.
A minimal but functional, standalone mobile app from which to build your own creations.

This app is designed for Phonegap/Cordova, therefore it is HTML, JavaScript, and CSS.

Components of this app:

* HTML/CSS/JS layout -- The app is ready to compile and run via Phonegap.

* config.xml -- The app is ready to upload to Phonegap Build. The included config.xml specifies permissions, icons and splash screens, and more in an easy-to-edit template.

* jQuery Mobile -- A mobile-style user interface theme. Includes jQuery which makes JavaScript useful.

* Leaflet -- Quick, pretty, easy tiled maps.

* imgcache.js -- Cache Leaflet tiles to device storage, for offline use.


COMPILING IT
================

This ready-to-run app is designed for use with Phonegap/Cordova, particularly Phonegap Build. The code as-is can be uploaded to get you a working mobile app in minutes.

Using Eclipse or XCode may have different results. If you run into issues trying to compile it yourself on XCode or Eclipse, let me know and I'll see what I can do.


WALKTHROUGH: CUSTOMIZING YOUR APP
================

Start with config.js This is basic settings such as default lat/lng/zoom and your Bing API key.

Check out config.xml to start personalizing your app: the name, author attribution, permissions, and so on.

Swap out splash screens and icons. See splash.png and icon.png, then the splash/ and icons/ folders.

Now start customizing HTML (index.html), CSS (index.css), and JavaScript code (index.js), and start swapping out icons and other graphics under the img/ folder.


BUGS / TODO / WISHES
================

* Add a Bing geocoder, or an onboard geocoder. Or even both, and check the network state to decide...

Commit message:

File load
First load of files from my development PC. Includes public domain icons
and splash screens, documentation, and a working map with 3 basemap
options.

TODO: ImgCache is crashing the app instantly. Will figure out ASAP.

README.md, after:

MobileMapStarter
================

A starting framework for mobile maps using Cordova/Phonegap.
A minimal but functional, standalone mobile app from which to build your own creations.

This app is designed for Phonegap/Cordova, therefore it is HTML, JavaScript, and CSS.

Components of this app:

* HTML/CSS/JS layout -- The app is ready to compile and run via Phonegap.

* config.xml -- The app is ready to upload to Phonegap Build. The included config.xml specifies permissions, icons and splash screens, and more in an easy-to-edit template.

* jQuery Mobile -- A mobile-style user interface theme. Includes jQuery which makes JavaScript useful.

* Leaflet -- Quick, pretty, easy tiled maps.

* imgcache.js -- Cache Leaflet tiles to device storage, for offline use.


COMPILING IT / TESTING IT
================

This ready-to-run app is designed for use with Phonegap/Cordova, particularly Phonegap Build. Using Eclipse or XCode may have different results. If you run into issues trying to compile it yourself on XCode or Eclipse, let me know and I'll see what I can do.

The basic app will work in Google Chrome, if you enable file access:
    chrome.exe --allow-file-access-from-files --allow-file-access


WALKTHROUGH: EXPLAINING THE CODE & CUSTOMIZING YOUR APP
================

Start with config.js This is basic settings such as default lat/lng/zoom and your Bing API key.

Check out config.xml to start personalizing your app: the name, author attribution, permissions, and so on.

Swap out splash screens and icons. See splash.png and icon.png, then the splash/ and icons/ folders.

Now start customizing HTML (index.html), CSS (index.css), and JavaScript code (index.js), and start swapping out icons and other graphics under the img/ folder.

Additional, possibly useful, utility functions are found in library.js


BUGS / TODO / WISHES
================

* Add a Bing geocoder, or an onboard geocoder. Or even both, and check the network state to decide...
